---
layout: post
title: Laser Scanning Microscope Acquisition GUI in Labview
---

This is a post dedicated to the LSM acquisition software me and my co-woker (slash mentor Joy Chung). Most of the primary work has 
been layed out for me by Joy. I had minor contirbution to bring it together and refine the aesthetics. This LabVIEW is written over 
couse of 5 years and evolved kind of with me during my PhD and it's very dear to me. I hope this can be useful for others as well as 
tool as is, a scheme how the the time resolved LSM interface should look like or as a code template for trouble shooting. 

There is one part that I didn't manage to finalize as I finally graduated! Everything should work though. The part to drive the galvo (mirror) 
scanner is done awekwardly. It will require MS Paint, Matlab and LabVIEW. It's rediculous but that's what I could easily to get through. On the side note 
the interface can ouput the cursor value, avarage of region of interest and the average of the field view to OriginLab OriginPro. Therefore an 
installation of OriginPro and it's LabVIEW drivers are necessary. This was crucial for my experiment but if it's not for you, then I can help you 
to remove this part. These were the notes I wanted to point out. I will add one chapter of my thesis to this 
project repository that expains the GUI with photos with some 
notes on how to setup and troubleshoot a pump-probe microscope. I will try to expand this topic over time and ellborate in more details. One 
last thing, the files are saved in multi-page tiff file. To do so, libtiff3 library should be installed. There is a though post on NI 
on how to do this. 

[Here](https://github.com/fathi0amir/P2LSM_GUI) is the zip file with all the files necessary. Side note, if you know what is 
dudultala then you know, if you don't I can't really help you go make a Persian friend, get close, and ask them what it means.
I try to explain file by file what they are. 
"Corner_Line_Mark_Vol_Ramp.csv" : This is file with the indexes that the module that creats the necessary voltages
to drive the X and Y galvo mirros in a certain pattern; in this a line in the top left corner at around 45 degree. 

- "dudltala.bmp" This file ... I can just smile
- "dudultala_Project.m" Script to generate a csv from a binary bitmap (drawn in MS Paint)
- "dudultala1.bmp" This file ... hehehehe
- "dudultala2.bmp" This file ... hehehehe
- "EricDiau.bmp" Bitmap file of my then supervisor. I used this to generate the voltages to etch his name of perovskite thin film. 
- "EricDiau_Vol_Ramp.csv" The indexes for the voltage ramps.
- "Libtif3.dll" Basically you don't need this. This is just like reminder to myself and myself-alike to remember to intall the libtiff library.
- "TAM-SRS Imaging_20171020_V1.5.llb" This is the LabVIEW Library containing all the required subvi-s and the main interface. 
- "TAM-SRS_Imaging_Temp_Profile.opj" This is default OriginPro file that the main interface opens to update the data as it scan the 
- delay time between the pump and the probe. 
- "Temp_Image.tif" A temporary image that the program constantly write to it. 
- "Tem_Image.txt" A temporary containing ASCII raw data. 
- "voltage_image_ind.csv" This is file that is addressed inside the main LSM vi to draw consum patterns. 
- "voltage_image2.csv" ... I really don't rememeber what is this. It's just another index file for another constum pattern. 








<!-- ({{ site.baseurl }}/images/config.png) -->

